Fixed some grammar issues and typos (#1865)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/content-management/sections.md

## Content Section Lists

> Hugo will automatically create pages for each *root section* that list all the content in that section. See the documentation on [section templates][] for details on customizing the way these pages are rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugo will automatically create a page for each *root section* that lists all the content in that section. See the documentation on [section templates][] for details on customizing the way these pages are rendered.
```
